README.md, before:

# Schibsted Spain React Components

![Schibsted Spain Logo](https://www.schibsted.es/wp-content/themes/Schibsted-spn/img/logo.png)

## 📦 What are you going to find here?

Presentational React components designed for some Schibsted Spain products. Generally speaking, the components are being used in production in some of our products in Schibsted Spain. Like [Fotocasa](https://www.fotocasa.es), [Coches](https://www.coches.net), [MilAnuncios](https://www.milanuncios.com/) or [Infojobs](https://www.infojobs.net/).


## 🖥 Environment Support

* Modern browsers and Internet Explorer 9+ (with [polyfills](https://github.com/SUI-Components/sui/tree/master/packages/sui-polyfills))
* Server-side Rendering


## ✨ Features

- Well-tested, production ready presentational React components.
- Isolated components. Each component is a package.
- Customizable components using variables.


## ⚠️ Keep in mind

- Some of these components could be legacy, as we're creating a new set of components meant to be used not only inside Schibsted globally but in any company or project that could be interested. They're called SUI Components, they're open source as well and you can find them here: https://sui-components.now.sh/

Commit message:

docs(Root): update readme with Adevinta logo

README.md, after:

# Schibsted Spain (Aka Adevinta) React Components

<img src="https://www.adevinta.com/wp-content/themes/scom/assets/img/Adevinta-logo.svg" alt="Adevinta Logo" width="150">

## 📦 What are you going to find here?

Presentational React components designed for some Adevinta Spain products. Generally speaking, the components are being used in production in some of our products in Adevinta Spain. Like [Fotocasa](https://www.fotocasa.es), [Habitaclia](https://www.habitaclia.com/), [Coches.net](https://www.coches.net), [Motoe.net](https://motos.coches.net),[MilAnuncios](https://www.milanuncios.com/) or [Infojobs](https://www.infojobs.net/).

## 🖥 Environment Support

- Modern browsers and Internet Explorer 9+ (with [polyfills](https://github.com/SUI-Components/sui/tree/master/packages/sui-polyfills))
- Server-side Rendering

## ✨ Features

- Well-tested, production ready presentational React components.
- Isolated components. Each component is a package.
- Customizable components using variables.

## ⚠️ Keep in mind

- Some of these components could be legacy, as we're creating a new set of components meant to be used not only inside Adevinta globally but in any company or project that could be interested. They're called **SUI Components**, they're open source as well and you can find them here: https://sui-components.now.sh/
